Fix some typos and awkward phrasings (#13)
mnot/avoiding-internet-centralization: draft-nottingham-avoiding-internet-centralization.md

"Decentralization" is the process of identifying centralization risk in the functions of a protocol or application, followed by application of appropriate techniques to prevent or mitigate centralization.

> Decentralization does not require that a given function need be so widely distributed that other important factors, such as efficiency, resiliency, latency, or availability are sacrificed. In some cases, a function that is only available through a relatively small number of providers can be  effectively decentralized, given the appropriate circumstances (see, for example, the Domain Name System {{?RFC1035}}).

Author: This was swapped with later text to avoid using an undefined initialism. I also wonder if [RFC 8499](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8499.html) would serve as a better entry point than RFC 1035.

Reviewer: Unfortunately, the DNS specs are a bit of a mess, so there isn't any really good reference that's actually helpful to readers. 8499 is only about terminology and a BCP, not a definitional document.

Author: That's true, but it does provide numerous links into the various definitional documents and itself serves as something of an overview. However, I don't see a particular problem with using RFC 1035—I was just musing about an alternative.

However, protocol extensions can also increase the risk of platform centralization if a powerful entity can change the target for meaningful interoperability by adding proprietary extensions to a standard protocol. This is especially true when the core standard does not itself provide sufficient utility on its own.

> For example, extreme flexibility of the SOAP protocol {{SOAP}} allowed vendors to distort the market by requiring use of their preferred extensions to interoperate.

Reviewer: 'distort the market' isn't quite right -- the market hadn't been established yet. Perhaps:

```suggestion
For example, the SOAP protocol's {{SOAP}} extreme flexibility and failure to provide significant standalone value allowed vendors to require use of their preferred extensions, favouring those who had more market power.
```

Author: LGTM!
